data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ffmpeg                                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ffprobe                                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/ac3_parser.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/adts_parser.h                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/avcodec.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/avdct.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/avfft.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/bsf.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/codec.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/codec_desc.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/codec_id.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/codec_par.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/d3d11va.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/defs.h                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/dirac.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/dv_profile.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/dxva2.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/jni.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/mediacodec.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/packet.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/qsv.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/vdpau.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/version.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/version_major.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/videotoolbox.h                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/vorbis_parser.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavcodec/xvmc.h                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavdevice/avdevice.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavdevice/version.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavdevice/version_major.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavfilter/avfilter.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavfilter/buffersink.h                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavfilter/buffersrc.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavfilter/version.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavfilter/version_major.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavformat/avformat.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavformat/avio.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavformat/version.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavformat/version_major.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/adler32.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/aes.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/aes_ctr.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/attributes.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/audio_fifo.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/avassert.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/avconfig.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/avstring.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/avutil.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/base64.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/blowfish.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/bprint.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/bswap.h                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/buffer.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/camellia.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/cast5.h                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/channel_layout.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/common.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/cpu.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/crc.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/des.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/detection_bbox.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/dict.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/display.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/dovi_meta.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/downmix_info.h                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/encryption_info.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/error.h                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/eval.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/ffversion.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/fifo.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/file.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/film_grain_params.h             ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/frame.h                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hash.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hdr_dynamic_metadata.h          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hdr_dynamic_vivid_metadata.h    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hmac.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_cuda.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_d3d11va.h             ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_drm.h                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_dxva2.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_mediacodec.h          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_opencl.h              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_qsv.h                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_vaapi.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_vdpau.h               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_videotoolbox.h        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/hwcontext_vulkan.h              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/imgutils.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/intfloat.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/intreadwrite.h                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/lfg.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/log.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/lzo.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/macros.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/mastering_display_metadata.h    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/mathematics.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/md5.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/mem.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/motion_vector.h                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/murmur3.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/opt.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/parseutils.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/pixdesc.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/pixelutils.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/pixfmt.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/random_seed.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/rational.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/rc4.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/replaygain.h                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/ripemd.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/samplefmt.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/sha.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/sha512.h                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/spherical.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/stereo3d.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/tea.h                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/threadmessage.h                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/time.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/timecode.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/timestamp.h                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/tree.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/twofish.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/tx.h                            ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/version.h                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/video_enc_params.h              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libavutil/xtea.h                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libswresample/swresample.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libswresample/version.h                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libswresample/version_major.h             ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libswscale/swscale.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libswscale/version.h                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/libswscale/version_major.h                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libavcodec.a                                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libavdevice.a                                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libavfilter.a                                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libavformat.a                                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libavutil.a                                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libswresample.a                               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libswscale.a                                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libavcodec.pc                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libavdevice.pc                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libavfilter.pc                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libavformat.pc                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libavutil.pc                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libswresample.pc                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libswscale.pc                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/developer.html                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/faq.html                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/fate.html                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-all.html                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-bitstream-filters.html    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-codecs.html               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-devices.html              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-filters.html              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-formats.html              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-protocols.html            ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-resampler.html            ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-scaler.html               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg-utils.html                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffmpeg.html                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffprobe-all.html                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/ffprobe.html                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/general.html                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/git-howto.html                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libavcodec.html                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libavdevice.html                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libavfilter.html                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libavformat.html                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libavutil.html                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libswresample.html               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/libswscale.html                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/mailing-list-faq.html            ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/nut.html                         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/ffmpeg/platform.html                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/Makefile                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/README                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/avio_list_dir.c             ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/avio_reading.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/decode_audio.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/decode_video.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/demuxing_decoding.c         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/encode_audio.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/encode_video.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/extract_mvs.c               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/filter_audio.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/filtering_audio.c           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/filtering_video.c           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/http_multiclient.c          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/hw_decode.c                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/metadata.c                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/muxing.c                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/qsvdec.c                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/remuxing.c                  ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/resampling_audio.c          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/scaling_video.c             ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/transcode_aac.c             ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/transcoding.c               ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/vaapi_encode.c              ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/examples/vaapi_transcode.c           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/ffprobe.xsd                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/libvpx-1080p.ffpreset                ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/libvpx-1080p50_60.ffpreset           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/libvpx-360p.ffpreset                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/libvpx-720p.ffpreset                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/ffmpeg/libvpx-720p50_60.ffpreset            ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-all.1                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-bitstream-filters.1         ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-codecs.1                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-devices.1                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-filters.1                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-formats.1                   ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-protocols.1                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-resampler.1                 ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-scaler.1                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg-utils.1                     ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffmpeg.1                           ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffprobe-all.1                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ffprobe.1                          ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libavcodec.3                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libavdevice.3                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libavfilter.3                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libavformat.3                      ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libavutil.3                        ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libswresample.3                    ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man3/libswscale.3                       ffmpeg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/glslangValidator                              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-remap                                   glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslAttributes.h             glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslGrammar.h                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslOpMap.h                  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslParseHelper.h            glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslParseables.h             glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslScanContext.h            glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslTokenStream.h            glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/HLSL/hlslTokens.h                 glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/BaseTypes.h               glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/Common.h                  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/ConstantUnion.h           glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/InfoSink.h                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/InitializeGlobals.h       glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/PoolAlloc.h               glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/ResourceLimits.h          glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/ShHandle.h                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/SpirvIntrinsics.h         glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/Types.h                   glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/arrays.h                  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/glslang_c_interface.h     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/glslang_c_shader_types.h  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Include/intermediate.h            glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/Initialize.h   glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/LiveTraverser.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/ParseHelper.h  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/RemoveTree.h   glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/Scan.h         glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/ScanContext.h  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/SymbolTable.h  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/Versions.h     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/attribute.h    glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/gl_types.h     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/glslang_tab.cpp.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/iomapper.h     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/localintermediate.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/parseVersions.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/preprocessor/PpContext.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/preprocessor/PpTokens.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/propagateNoContraction.h glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/MachineIndependent/reflection.h   glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/Public/ShaderLang.h               glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/GLSL.ext.AMD.h              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/GLSL.ext.EXT.h              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/GLSL.ext.KHR.h              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/GLSL.ext.NV.h               glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/GLSL.std.450.h              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/GlslangToSpv.h              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/Logger.h                    glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/NonSemanticDebugPrintf.h    glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/SPVRemapper.h               glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/SpvBuilder.h                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/SpvTools.h                  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/bitutils.h                  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/disassemble.h               glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/doc.h                       glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/hex_float.h                 glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/spirv.hpp                   glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/SPIRV/spvIR.h                     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/glslang/build_info.h                      glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/HLSLTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake        glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/HLSLTargets.cmake                       glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/OGLCompilerTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/OGLCompilerTargets.cmake                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/OSDependentTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/OSDependentTargets.cmake                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRVTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake       glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRVTargets.cmake                      glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPVRemapperTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPVRemapperTargets.cmake                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/glslang-default-resource-limitsTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/glslang-default-resource-limitsTargets.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/glslangTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/glslangTargets.cmake                    glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/glslangValidatorTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/glslangValidatorTargets.cmake           glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/spirv-remapTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/spirv-remapTargets.cmake                glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGenericCodeGen.a                           glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libHLSL.a                                     glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libMachineIndependent.a                       glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libOGLCompiler.a                              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libOSDependent.a                              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV.a                                    glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPVRemapper.a                              glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libglslang-default-resource-limits.a          glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libglslang.a                                  glslang
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/aff.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/aff_type.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/arg.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/ast.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/ast_build.h                           libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/ast_type.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/constraint.h                          libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/ctx.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/fixed_box.h                           libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/flow.h                                libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/hash.h                                libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/hmap.h                                libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/hmap_templ.c                          libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/id.h                                  libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/id_to_ast_expr.h                      libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/id_to_id.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/id_to_pw_aff.h                        libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/id_type.h                             libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/ilp.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/list.h                                libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/local_space.h                         libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/lp.h                                  libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/map.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/map_to_basic_set.h                    libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/map_type.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/mat.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/maybe.h                               libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/maybe_ast_expr.h                      libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/maybe_basic_set.h                     libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/maybe_id.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/maybe_pw_aff.h                        libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/maybe_templ.h                         libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/multi.h                               libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/obj.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/options.h                             libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/point.h                               libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/polynomial.h                          libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/polynomial_type.h                     libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/printer.h                             libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/printer_type.h                        libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/schedule.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/schedule_node.h                       libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/schedule_type.h                       libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/set.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/set_type.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/space.h                               libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/space_type.h                          libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/stdint.h                              libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/stream.h                              libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/stride_info.h                         libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/union_map.h                           libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/union_map_type.h                      libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/union_set.h                           libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/union_set_type.h                      libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/val.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/val_gmp.h                             libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/val_type.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/vec.h                                 libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/version.h                             libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/isl/vertices.h                            libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisl.a                                      libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisl.la                                     libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisl.so.23.1.0                              libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisl.so.23.1.0-gdb.py                       libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/isl.pc                              libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisl.so                                     libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libisl.so.23                                  libisl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ucl/ucl.h                                 libucl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ucl/ucl_asm.h                             libucl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/ucl/uclconf.h                             libucl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libucl.a                                      libucl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libucl.la                                     libucl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-cross                                   spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/GLSL.std.450.h                spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv.h                       spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv.hpp                     spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cfg.hpp                 spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_common.hpp              spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cpp.hpp                 spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cross.hpp               spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cross_c.h               spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cross_containers.hpp    spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cross_error_handling.hpp spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cross_parsed_ir.hpp     spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_cross_util.hpp          spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_glsl.hpp                spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_hlsl.hpp                spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_msl.hpp                 spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_parser.hpp              spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv_cross/spirv_reflect.hpp             spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-c.a                            spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-core.a                         spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-cpp.a                          spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-glsl.a                         spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-hlsl.a                         spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-msl.a                          spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-reflect.a                      spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspirv-cross-util.a                         spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_c/cmake/spirv_cross_cConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_c/cmake/spirv_cross_cConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_core/cmake/spirv_cross_coreConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_core/cmake/spirv_cross_coreConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_cpp/cmake/spirv_cross_cppConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_cpp/cmake/spirv_cross_cppConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_glsl/cmake/spirv_cross_glslConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_glsl/cmake/spirv_cross_glslConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_hlsl/cmake/spirv_cross_hlslConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_hlsl/cmake/spirv_cross_hlslConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_msl/cmake/spirv_cross_mslConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_msl/cmake/spirv_cross_mslConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_reflect/cmake/spirv_cross_reflectConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_reflect/cmake/spirv_cross_reflectConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_util/cmake/spirv_cross_utilConfig-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/spirv_cross_util/cmake/spirv_cross_utilConfig.cmake spirv-cross
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-as                                      spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-cfg                                     spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-dis                                     spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-lesspipe.sh                             spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-link                                    spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-lint                                    spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-opt                                     spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-reduce                                  spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spirv-val                                     spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv-tools/instrument.hpp                spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv-tools/libspirv.h                    spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv-tools/libspirv.hpp                  spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv-tools/linker.hpp                    spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spirv-tools/optimizer.hpp                 spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools/SPIRV-ToolsConfig.cmake     spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools/SPIRV-ToolsTarget-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools/SPIRV-ToolsTarget.cmake     spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-diff/SPIRV-Tools-diffConfig.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-diff/SPIRV-Tools-diffTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-diff/SPIRV-Tools-diffTargets.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-link/SPIRV-Tools-linkConfig.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-link/SPIRV-Tools-linkTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-link/SPIRV-Tools-linkTargets.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-lint/SPIRV-Tools-lintConfig.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-lint/SPIRV-Tools-lintTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-lint/SPIRV-Tools-lintTargets.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-opt/SPIRV-Tools-optConfig.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-opt/SPIRV-Tools-optTargets-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-opt/SPIRV-Tools-optTargets.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-reduce/SPIRV-Tools-reduceConfig.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-reduce/SPIRV-Tools-reduceTarget-relwithdebinfo.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/SPIRV-Tools-reduce/SPIRV-Tools-reduceTarget.cmake spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools-diff.a                         spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools-link.a                         spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools-lint.a                         spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools-opt.a                          spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools-reduce.a                       spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools-shared.so                      spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libSPIRV-Tools.a                              spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/SPIRV-Tools-shared.pc               spirv-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/SPIRV-Tools.pc                      spirv-tools
